README.md, before:

# BradBot
Your personal ChatBot.

This project runs a chat bot in a browser from your laptop. The chat bot uses the machine learning library SpaCy and can also learn user defined responses to phrases.

The app uses the package flask to serve the chat bot as a web aplication.

## Meta

Based on a demo project by Sahil Rajput – [@\_sahilrajput](https://twitter.com/_sahilrajput) – sahil.rajput.0196@gmail.com

Distributed under the MIT license. See `LICENSE` for more information.

## How to run

1. Fork this repo (using git. Try https://git-scm.com/)
2. Create a new environemnt using Anaconda Navigator (https://www.anaconda.com/) with Python 3.7 installed (Not sure this works with Python 3.8)
3. Activate the environment (I used powershell launched from Anaconda.) 
4. Install packages. I used powershell launched from Anaconda, again.
   
   For example, run: pip install flask
   
5. I am running the python file in the repository (which is now saved on your laptop) using visual studio code (https://code.visualstudio.com/download). You may need to check that you are in the right environment in Visul Studio Code (Ctrl + Shift + P). 
6. I then run the file app.py in a powershell terminal launched from Visual Studio Code. 
6. The app can then be seen in your borwser (I used chrome) at the local address that powershell suggests.  

## Contributing

1. Fork it (<https://github.com/sahil-rajput/Candice-YourPersonalChatBot/fork>)
2. Create your feature branch (`git checkout -b feature/fooBar`)
3. Commit your changes (`git commit -am 'Add some fooBar'`)
4. Push to the branch (`git push origin feature/fooBar`)
5. Create a new Pull Request

## How to build your own ChatBot -- Tutorial

   - [Sahil Rajput Medium](https://medium.com/@sahil.rajput/build-your-personal-chatbot-with-flask-6080d1cf1223)
   - [Sahil Rajput DEV.to](https://dev.to/sahilrajput/build-a-chatbot-using-flask-in-5-minutes-574i)

Commit message:

Updated read me with VS Code guidance

README.md, after:

# BradBot
Your personal ChatBot.

This project runs a chat bot in a browser from your laptop. The chat bot uses the machine learning library SpaCy and can also learn user defined responses to phrases.

The app uses the package flask to serve the chat bot as a web aplication.

## Meta

Based on a demo project by Sahil Rajput – [@\_sahilrajput](https://twitter.com/_sahilrajput) – sahil.rajput.0196@gmail.com

Distributed under the MIT license. See `LICENSE` for more information.

## How to run

1. Fork this repo (using git. Try https://git-scm.com/)
2. Create a new environemnt using Anaconda Navigator (https://www.anaconda.com/) with Python 3.7 installed (Not sure this works with Python 3.8)
3. Activate the environment (I used powershell launched from Anaconda.) 
4. Install packages. I used powershell launched from Anaconda, again.
   
   For example, run: pip install flask
   
5. I am running the python file in the repository (which is now saved on your laptop) using visual studio code (https://code.visualstudio.com/download). Openning Visual Studio Code from Anaconda ensures that it can work with the active environment. 

You still may need to check that you are in the right environment in Visual Studio Code (Ctrl + Shift + P).

6. I then run the file app.py in a powershell terminal launched from Visual Studio Code by writing 'Python app.py' 

7. The app can then be seen in your borwser (I used chrome) at the local address that powershell suggests.  

## Contributing

1. Fork it (<https://github.com/sahil-rajput/Candice-YourPersonalChatBot/fork>)
2. Create your feature branch (`git checkout -b feature/fooBar`)
3. Commit your changes (`git commit -am 'Add some fooBar'`)
4. Push to the branch (`git push origin feature/fooBar`)
5. Create a new Pull Request

## How to build your own ChatBot -- Tutorial

   - [Sahil Rajput Medium](https://medium.com/@sahil.rajput/build-your-personal-chatbot-with-flask-6080d1cf1223)
   - [Sahil Rajput DEV.to](https://dev.to/sahilrajput/build-a-chatbot-using-flask-in-5-minutes-574i)
